Git Clone;
    To clone a project to our computer;
        1) We write git clone url and enter.

        Git will download the entire repository to your local machine, creating a new directory with the same name as the remote repository.

Git Pull;
    When we are already working on a project, we can write git pull to get the updates.

Git Branch;
    We work on branches to not to mess up the main code of the project.
    By using git branch -M main in this flow, we are creating a new branch named "main" and setting it as the default branch.

    When we clone a new project we need to work on a different branch to not to change the main code. So:
        1)Clone the project,
        2)Create a new branch by using "git branch branchName",
        3)Switch to the branch with "git checkout branchName".

Git Fetch;
    Git Fetch checks if there is an update on GitHub in any branch. If there is an update, it will tell you the branch name
    in which there is an update. If there is no update, it will simply print output nothing.

    Git Fetch does not pull/update the code. It just checks.

Caution:
    When we work on a child branch but if there are errors and we do not want to lose the previous works, we can
    create a new branch (grandchild branch) and start working there to fix the errors. It is a must to commit the previous work in child branch.

Git Merge;
    When create a grandchild branch to fix the errors and if we are done with it, we merge it to our child branch where we actually work (not main),
    we should switch to the child branch we want to merge and use command "git merge branchName".

    If we want to merge our child branch to main, first it is better to push the code to GitHub. So others can check it before
    merging to main. To do that, we use "git push - origin branchName"

SUMMARY-------------------------------
    1) Clone the project - git clone
    2) Open the terminal in location of the repo and confirm the location
    3) Create a new branch - git branch branchName
    4) Switch to the new branch - git checkout branchName
    5) Work on your child branch and do you commits while working. When you are done with it,
    6) Go to parent branch - git checkout parentBranch
    7) Merge the child into parent - git merge childBranch

NOTES/WARNINGS------------------------
    1) Before switching branch, check your current branch.
    2) Before creating a new branch, make sure that you are on the correct branch that you want to create a new one from.
    3) Before merging, make sure that you are on the parent branch.
    4) Whenever you are switching branch, make sure that there is no change that is not committed on that branch.

Pull Request;
    We open a pull request to let the team lead know that we updated the code.

    1) Click on "Pull Request",
    2) Select the base branch (branch that we want to merge),
    3) Select compare (branch we want to merge from),
    4) Click on "Create Pull Request",
    5) Add comments, assignees etc,
    6) Create pull request

    If we want to update our main branch after team lead solves the pull request, simply navigate to main branch and pull.

Caution:
    Pull requests must be solved by team lead only !!!

